public unpacking date of netbooks
how bothering if tomorrow we find it pretty much there without the euro
so the low point to which I relived
the current two or three days for the sum of 108 hours
mehsud does not have the quality of this video
but I have to do it
my hand phone
the camera
dayan twitter exchanged shares but I'm in good shape
so when we open the box at the front
the
a plastic protection thiam
the leader
the tablet did the advertised
it's tricky to win
not to be intellectually
m
for two sous
this control
the charger
m
claude ford
the bbm
when user manual
when I look at the horrors that this very bitter and m
and I know him
it is at the same time a certain idea two scenarios
smiling
queen of nights mayor of london
it's quite complicated a statement
ap
others
a protection
in plastic
on cd-rom
on the other hand of the southern
the micro jacks ben ali m
because buckingham side
the actor which retains by two small screws on the equipment
a speaker at the back we can fall the fact
know it all
size
entering
as a reminder it's done
I had a childhood for the moment
in portugal i think that music hip-hop the club
I'll give you a short video
as at the end of the run